hey dude, how are you doing? im still pretty ill, its worse today actually cos i didn't sleep last night i sleot at like 7 am and woke up around 9.40 ish, 2 hours sleep haha, preetu fucked up yeah and the added stress from last night did not help, last night it was so bad. one thing ill tell u about me that you should know about. i am a protector, what that means is, i like to be there and protect. thats one of the reasons i hate long distance is because i cannot be there to protect and it really scares and worries me knowing that i cannot be there to protect you. and what you did last night, it was a major deal breaker, because it was there present, i wouldvr rushed to your location at night, but i cant from here and that made me feel very helpless and it brought back my previous trauma of feeling helpless, i hate it. i hate feeling helpless, and last it was so much stress added with helplessness that i felt so devasted. and it felt so much worse because you could not even care enough to even let me know that youre okay. i understand you not wanting to talk, but you do know that the guy is extremely unwell, he is sick and he is very worried, but STILL you chose to ignore it and not text. its fine if we did not speak last night, its comepletely fine if u did not want to speak to me, but all you had to say is that youre okay. tahts all i wanted to hear or read from your text, that youre okay. youre more than welcome to ignore me and not talk after that. it started from 10 pm all the way to 7 am when i slept and guess what i did after i woke up, i texting eja telling her to call you, i keep telling her to call u cos u dont want to listen to me. i had so muc headache, and other pains due to my illness and i still chose to ask about you instead of everything else, and STILL you couldn't be bothered to send me on fucking text that youre okay knowing that im in the state that i am in, worried about you, yes i have said some mean things to you that i should]nt but i apologized so much last noght that you completely ignored. but still do you not see how much i care? i care a lot more than you ever did about me, trust me i know. even if i made a mistake, i always make sure youre okay, and i will put as much as effort as humanely possible to make sure youre okay but you never put a fraction of the efforts i put, eventually it feels like waht ever wwe have is very one sided. its just me putting in the efforts one after the other, you barely do your part

anyways, moving on , i told you ill tell you everything thats been going on in my head, everything i will come clean and you promised me you wont hurt yourself or you wont create that situation, its very selfish of you if you keep making us worry, you cannot simply say stuff like well you guys shouldn't worry, because we will, youre very lucky find people that actually care about you and you keep telling us its okay if you torture yourself, when its not okay.

lemme start with all the problems, ill start with
Kuching - after you started going through your past i realized how much stuff youve done for the other guys, that you have never done for me, and it really hurt me. i wanted to give you the fucking world, i told myself that ill give this girl the best life that one could ask for, and i did my best. but as you keep talking about your past, its making me realise after all ive done, she never bothered to do the stuff she did for them, i have paid for everything there, i never hesitated, never wanted you to pay because thats how i was raised, you never bothered even be thankful or grateful for spending so much on you, i dont want you to pay for my shit, i dont want that, i keep repeating that all i want form you is the gesture, just letting me know that you did not take all of that for granted. you told me the people at atmos did not look at you on a good light, theres a reason for that. because i know almost everyone there well, and the ownder in atmos spoke to me before, he told me girls in Kuching use guys like us for money, and they use the guys until they had their fun and i should not fall for that. and they were seeing a similar situation and also to a guy thaey care so much about, but that all respect me and wont say things that upsets me so they just watched me do all taht, pay for everything. over and over again while you never even bothered you even pay or acknowledge it. i dont expect you to pay, i understand your finances but you didn't even bother dude


